gh-124160: Pass main_tstate to update_global_state_for_extension() (#124164)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/C_API/2024-09-18-18-30-16.gh-issue-124160.wFuEVx.rst

> Fix crash when importing some modules in subinterpreter.

Reviewer: Let's be a little more specific :smile:
```suggestion
Fix crash when importing modules containing state and single-phase initialization in a subinterpreter.
```

Author: Applied.
